I am a software engineer and am working on a project to generate bulk images for clients which help them sell their product through digital channels like instagram, mobile app, all images are intended for use on mobile applications, I want to create something using RAG, to be run locally using API keys, it can be setup using the best image generation models, should be cost effective and be secure, following are the steps to this process - 
1. User uploads client requirements through a chat interface, this could include textual conversation details, product descriptions, intended audience, hooks, loops, customer persona and any other things you can think of.
2. Based on this input the AI generates a list of the datapoints, be as creative as possible but do not deviate from the product description, first being persona (meaning intended audience, like for a sugerfree product has intended persona as people suffering for diabetise or any related ailment, pre diabetics, health councious, gym goers, sportsmen, atheletes and any others you can think of)
3. Second is more creative, AI should generate a list of all advert hooks, meaning loss, fear, excitement, remourse, any feeling that might help sell the product. Again be as creative as possible but do not deviate from the sole intention of the client being able to sell the product.
4. At this point the interface should display the list of all hooks and personas as a list and ask the user to select the ones that they want to use for script generation.
5. Now once the user selects the options on step 4, generate a all possible combinations, for each persona consider all possible combination of hooks, like for 1 persona, there can be 1 to 2 hook combinations. For example, consider 2 (1,2) personas and 2 (a,b) hooks, combinations will be [(1,a),(1,b),(1,(a,b)),(2,a),(2,b),(2,(a,b))], create a matrix and input them as parameters to a system prompt, attached @SystemPrompt.txt , replacing with {PERSONA} and {HOOKS} 
6. The output should be a combination of persona, hooks and image generation prompts. Each prompt should be self sufficient in generating a professional image for the product advertizment
7. At this point, generate an excel sheet with 4 columns, persona, hooks, prompt, selectFlag, with selectFlas as true for all combinations. User should be able to download this excel file and select which lines prompts to use by setting the selectFlag to True/False, true - use, false - filter out.
8. User can now drop the excel sheet in the webinterface at this point of the process.
9. Once the excel sheet has been uploaded the system starts reading each prompt, having selectFlag as True, sending it to the image generation model and downloading the generated images in a newly created folder in the user directory, like BulkImageGen/Client_Project_Name/CurrentDateTime/, label each image using the persona and hook used, use numbering to avoid duplicates.
10. Also create a detailed report having a record for each generated image, path/link to the image, persona and hook details.
11. The process should be able to run on its own, with minimal user inputs.
12. The user should be able to stop the process in between and prodide feedback at every step.
13. The user should be shown relevant information while the process is running, be detailed.